# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

Meeting notes: https://github.com/rust-lang/core-team/tree/master/minutes/project-leadership-sync

Zoom link: https://mozilla.zoom.us/j/289359817

## Instructions

### In the leadup to the meeting

Prior to or during the meeting, jot down a few notes for your team. When it comes time to speak, it is best to focus on **upcoming** or **future plans**, in particular those that may have a cross-cutting nature.

If you have private remarks that you don't want to be in the minutes, feel free to just write nothing or to write something like "private remarks".

Since we don't have a lot of time per team, please avoid getting into the details. Ping the speaker after the meeting if you want to follow-up with questions.

Feel free to add more announcements than those you plan to speak about out loud. For example, you might jot down notable developments from the week.

### As you join the meeting

Add your name to the appropriate team or working group that you are representing below.

### After the meeting

At the end of each meeting, we will lightly edit these minutes as needed and then copy them into a repository, clearing this document for the next week.

## Teams

### Core team

* Started planning all-hands

### Community team

* Conference help

### Compiler team

- away

### crates.io team

- away

### dev tools team
 
- away

### lang team - Josh Triplett

* Triage week

### moderation team

- away

### release team - Mark
 * no major news

### infra team - Pietro

* Private remarks

### cli domain wg

- no major news + Pascal on vacation :)

### embedded domain wg - James

- Freenode registration in progress
- Anyone know anyone working on fn-level optimization?

### async ecosystem wg

### wasm domain wg

### secure code wg

- no news - Tony out / busy dealing with outage

### game dev wg

### library team

* no major news

### Additional notes

Proposal to make this meeting byweekly, but after the next one (otherwise, we would collide with RustConf)
