# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

Meeting notes: https://github.com/rust-lang/core-team/tree/master/minutes/project-leadership-sync

## Instructions

### In the leadup to the meeting

Prior to or during the meeting, jot down a few notes for your team. When it comes time to speak, it is best to focus on **upcoming** or **future plans**, in particular those that may have a cross-cutting nature.

If you have private remarks that you don't want to be in the minutes, feel free to just write nothing or to write something like "private remarks".

Since we don't have a lot of time per team, please avoid getting into the details. Ping the speaker after the meeting if you want to follow-up with questions.

Feel free to add more announcements than those you plan to speak about out loud. For example, you might jot down notable developments from the week.

### As you join the meeting

Add your name to the appropriate team or working group that you are representing below.

### After the meeting

At the end of each meeting, we will lightly edit these minutes as needed and then copy them into a repository, clearing this document for the next week.

## Teams

### Core team - Manish
 - core team videos: https://github.com/rust-lang/core-team/blob/master/minutes/core-team/meetings.md
 - Private remarks

### Community team - Manish
 - Internationalization WG
 - Plan to make a discord for the translation teams

### Compiler team

 - not here

### crates.io team - sgrif

- No major news

### dev tools team - Manish

 - Progress on cargo clippy integration
 - Work starting on a "std-aware" cargo
 - New rustfix release soon
 - `cfg(doctest)` in `rustdoc --test`
 - rustup moving to Azure for CI
 - Work on IPC in RLS starting
 - rustup on snapcraft: probably doing this unofficially for now


### doc team

 - not here

### lang team - joshtriplett

Josh Triplett representing going forward.

- [Stabilization of `!` (never) type](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/57012): ready to proceed, but likely need to implement a hack that'll look a lot like a bit of specialization, to effectively implement both `From<T>` and `From<!>` for `!`. Want to give folks a heads-up.
- Private remarks

### library team

 - not present

### moderation team

 - not present


### release team

* no major news

### infra team - pietroalbini

* GitHub synchronization with the team repo is almost ready
  * Team leads, please check the members list in the team repo reflects the
    actual team membership
  * Rollout will be gradual and y'all will be pinged before your team is
    synchronized
* Work on 4 core machines is underway, and we have some initial numbers
  (roughly 20% speedup on Windows)
* Finally got around to [merging the static websites hosting guidelines](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/blob/master/guidelines/static-websites.md)
* Almost finished docs.rs changes to keep it sustainable


### cli domain wg

* no major news

### embedded domain wg

* Private notes
 * 2019-07-24 - James Not Present
* Embedded WG looking into how to triage issues/requests to present to this meeting in the future
* Embedded WG starting planning for mentoring/onramping new contributors
    * Many teams have folks that are over-busy
    * Hoping to unblock reviews

### networking domain wg
 - not present
### wasm domain wg
 - not present
### secure code wg - bascule
 - Hello!
 - trying to unsafe audit popular ecosystem crates ("safety dance"?)

### game dev wg
 - not present
