# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

Meeting notes: https://github.com/rust-lang/core-team/tree/master/minutes/project-leadership-sync

Zoom link: https://mozilla.zoom.us/j/289359817

## Instructions

### In the leadup to the meeting

Prior to or during the meeting, jot down a few notes for your team. When it comes time to speak, it is best to focus on **upcoming** or **future plans**, in particular those that may have a cross-cutting nature.

If you have private remarks that you don't want to be in the minutes, feel free to just write nothing or to write something like "private remarks".

Since we don't have a lot of time per team, please avoid getting into the details. Ping the speaker after the meeting if you want to follow-up with questions.

Feel free to add more announcements than those you plan to speak about out loud. For example, you might jot down notable developments from the week.

### As you join the meeting

Add your name to the appropriate team or working group that you are representing below.

### After the meeting

At the end of each meeting, we will lightly edit these minutes as needed and then copy them into a repository, clearing this document for the next week.

## Teams

### Core team -- Nicholas Matsakis

* planning all-hands, reminder to fill [all hands form][]
* leading up to RustConf
* Reminder that we are *cancelling* next week's meeting due to RustConf

[all hands form]: https://forms.gle/iY2rS4qWthMiyuik9

### Community team -- Florian Gilcher

* Conference help
* Promotion of conference writing output

### Governance -- Florian Gilcher

* Documenting gh.com/rust-lang policies

### Compiler team - nikomatsakis

* I'm back now, Felix coming back on/around Sep 9
    * many thanks to nagisa
* Async/await likely to stabilize for 1.39
    * [stabilization PR][#63209]
    * prior to hitting stable, still time to improve book and "onboarding experience"
    * after stabilization, still details to improve (optimizations, fewer errors, better error messages, etc)

[#63209]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/63209

### lang team - Josh Triplett

* async/await status (see niko's update)
* [Stabilizing `#[non_exhaustive]`](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/44109)
* [Raw reference syntax](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2582) status
    * Hoping to accept for nightly implementation Real Soon Now, so people can start using it to write "future proof" unsafe code
* Private remarks on roadmap

### crates.io team - Sean

* SSL certificate issues (https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/63510)
* Index inconsistencies
* Private remarks

### dev tools team - Manish

* No updates

### moderation team

### release team - Mark

* Release is on-schedule; [blog post PR](https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/397)

### infra team - Pietro

* The team repo's CI is now fixed
* GitHub Actions and GitHub Package Registry beta features are enabled on our orgs
    * not recommended for wider use though, as it's in beta still
* Not much progress on 4 core builders last week unfortunately
* Private remarks

### cli domain wg - Pascal

 * No updates

### embedded domain wg - James

* Waiting for Freenode feedback from Steve K
* Looking at embedded-hal traits (specifically digital::v2)

### async ecosystem wg

* No updates

### wasm domain wg

* No updates

### secure code wg

* No updates

### game dev wg

* No updates

### library team - Alex

* No updates
