# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

## Teams

### Core team - Mark
  * nothing to report

### Community team

### Compiler team

### crates.io team - Sean

* Brief downtime next week

### dev tools team

### lang team - Josh

* No news to report

### moderation team

### release team - Mark

 * tool breakage weeks on [Forge](https://forge.rust-lang.org/)

### infra team - Pietro

 * Had a small docs.rs outage, deployed changes to fix the root cause
 * Private remarks

### cli domain wg

 * no major news

### embedded domain wg - James

* Waiting on core team response re: Freenode IRC
* Waiting on response re: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/62781 from compiler team
* Planning on putting together guide for mentorship

### async ecosystem wg - Yosh
 * triage meeting last week went really well
 * switching leadership

### wasm domain wg

### secure code wg - Tony

* nothing to report
 
### game dev wg - AlexEne
* A lot of discussions and other similar sessions about the state of various libraries in game development
* Progress on the GLSL->SPIRV rust-only toolchain design/missing parts
* Math libraries is an ongoing topic still without a clear answer.

### library team - Alex

* nothing to report
