# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

### Core team - Mark

 * No news

### Community team

### Compiler team

### crates.io team - Sean

* No major news

### dev tools team

* No major news

### lang team - Josh

- Discussions on UB
- FFI unwinding
- Private remarks

### moderation team

### release team - Mark

 * no major news

### infra team - pietroalbini

 * Agreed with Microsoft to create a second Azure org for CI-heavy repos, should start contacting those repos maintainers soon
 * GitHub sync landed on the team repo, please add it for your teams!

### cli domain wg

 * No news

### embedded domain wg

* Embedded WG looking into how to triage issues/requests to present to this meeting in the future
* Embedded WG starting planning for mentoring/onramping new contributors
  * Many teams have folks that are over-busy
  * Hoping to unblock reviews

### async ecosystem wg - Yosh

### wasm domain wg - Alex

 * LLVM 9 update has landed
     * `#[thread_local]` support coming now
     * Needs updated linker support for multithreading applications
 * The `wasm-pack` tool has started seeing more triage and maintenance

### secure code wg - Tony

 * Safety Dance (https://github.com/rust-secure-code/safety-dance)
 * RUSTSEC-2019-0011: memoffset
 
### game dev wg

### library team - Alex

* The `std`-aware Cargo RFC has been closed in favor of a [discussion repository](https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-cargo-std-aware) where issues can serve as a way to categorize discussion. Motivation here is to drive towards an MVP in a reasonable time frame and avoid being blocked on too many issues.e
