# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

## Instructions

### In the leadup to the meeting

Prior to or during the meeting, jot down a few notes for your team. When it comes time to speak, it is best to focus on **upcoming** or **future plans**, in particular those that may have a cross-cutting nature.

If you have private remarks that you don't want to be in the minutes, feel free to just write nothing or to write something like "private remarks".

Since we don't have a lot of time per team, please avoid getting into the details. Ping the speaker after the meeting if you want to follow-up with questions.

Feel free to add more announcements than those you plan to speak about out loud. For example, you might jot down notable developments from the week.

### As you join the meeting

Add your name to the appropriate team or working group that you are representing below.

### After the meeting

At the end of each meeting, we will lightly edit these minutes as needed and then copy them into a repository, clearing this document for the next week.

## Teams

### core team (Mark)

* [survey published](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2019/12/03/survey-launch.html)
* all hands dates and location set (will receive an email in the future about that)

### community team

### governance (nikomatsakis)

* tie access rights to Rust team repo (and the gh teams created by it)
* try to consolidate on the rust-lang org except for domain working groups
* next week's topic: a staged RFC proposal

### compiler team (nikomatsakis)

* maybe consider a meeting with release team triage?

### lang team (Josh)

* no update

### crates.io team 

### dev tools team

### moderation team

### release team (Mark)

* no major updates

### infra team (pietro)

* [GitHub Actions is building Linux and Windows on the test repo](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-gha/commit/d9b6712b6d102181f7d8fa53b9db415757300e64/checks?check_suite_id=332181608)
    * Around 1 hour and 20 minutes for every builder
    * We'll still need to probably run macOS on Azure
        * In that case that's going to be the bottleneck (around 2 hours)

### security response working group (pietro)

* no updates

### cli domain wg

### embedded domain wg

### wasm domain wg

### secure code wg (bascule)

* no updates

### game dev wg

### library team

### cargo team

## other topics to raise

* are these meetings sufficient value to justify the sync cost?
    * maybe we want to send an e-mail to survey people's take
    * consider some alternative format or time
