# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

## Teams

### Core team (Niko)

* Got #rust registered on freenode
* Checking a lot of legal issues
    * GDPR
    * Copyrights of submitters
    * ...
* roadmap process -- hoping to kick off something soon-ish
* survey process

### Community team (Florian)

* Working as usual
    * Most were on holidays after Rustconf

### Governance

* considering a meeting plan for github access rights
    * who should attend?

### Compiler team (Niko)

- [NLL migration plan](https://gist.github.com/Mark-Simulacrum/ff49698b6bffc5a40bf9c20ec255d619)
- want a team blog where we can post announcements and updates from Rust teams, how can we make this happen?
    - [Someone willing to review this?](https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/402)

### Lang team - Josh Triplett

- Process improvement initial steps: [Shepherds 3.0](http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2019/09/11/aic-shepherds-3-0/) - Niko
- Plan to discuss in lang team
- Many aspects may generalize to other teams; will report how this goes.

### crates.io team - Sean Griffin

- Roadmap RFC soon
- Discussions beginning around increasing security of publishes

### dev tools team - Manish

- No news

### moderation team

### release team

- No news

### infra team -- Pietro

- We got basic monitoring and alerting setup for our servers.
- First Crater on Windows run started! :tada: 
- The docs.rs build environment will change in the next few weeks.
- Private remarks.

### cli domain wg - Pascal

- No news

### embedded domain wg - James

* Interesting RFC: `core-mutex` - Mutex as a trait
    * https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/pull/377
* Interesting RFC: "focus-projects", based on Niko's chats, shepherds 1.x-2.x
    * https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/pull/378
    * Originally based on http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2019/07/10/aic-unbounded-queues-and-lang-design
    * I now need to revise based on http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2019/09/11/aic-shepherds-3-0/ :)
* Private Thoughts

### async ecosystem wg
- Yosh had to cancel meeting at the last minute (sorry!!)
- We've decided to more carefully assign roles on the GitHub org
    - new roles: "review + commit" vs "publish"
    - per-repo primary contacts
- No more RFC process for Tide, because it wasn't working well for us
- Going to bring back rustasync.github.com for content
- Meeting again tomorrow (bi-weekly, day after this meeting hah)

### wasm domain wg

### secure code wg

### game dev wg

### Library team - Alex

* Small progress on "Fix Error trait" [RFC 2504](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/53487) by adding an unstable `std::backtrace` module [rust-lang/rust#64154](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/64154)

### Cargo team - Alex

* Initial implementation of "std aware" Cargo landed as `-Z build-std` - [rust-lang/cargo#7216](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/pull/7216)
* Question: Minimum Rust Version status? -- yes, would like to do some minimal version of this as a start
* Talking a lot within the team about "Minimum Supported Rust Version" (MSRV) recently, looking to make progress on a [proposed RFC](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2495) in a minimal capacity and we are actively seeking feedback from stakeholders about the RFC and next steps.

## other topics to raise

* team blog planning
    * https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/402
    * what do we want before launching?
        * maybe some initial notes on the expected usage?
            * how do you pick between this blog and the main one?
                * audience: is it targeting "contributors" or "potential contributors" or "general rust audience"
        * a few sample blog posts?
            * secure code wg might be up for that
            * docs.rs changes -- probably 
            * compiler team
        * what about cross posting
            * the voice should be "from the team"
    * need some review on the UI side of things
        * also technical
    * maybe need a policy around blogging on the main blog, too
