# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

## Teams

### Core team (Niko)

* call 2020 roadmap blogposts went out
* survey hopefully to start soon

### Community team

### Governance (Niko)

* new plan :) you'll see blog posts :)

### Compiler team (Niko)

* no major updates

### Lang team (Josh)

* we are in the process of going back over a number of older RFCs that have laid idle
* want to get out of the state where we have dozens of RFCs that haven't been touched in months
* looking to revisit some of the discussions that got postponed, in part due to lack of energy
* continuing to make incremental steps towards "shepherds process"
    * want to try to be more transparent about the "work queue" of
      each team member, to help people understand where proposals
      stand
* working to address a [dyn trait soundness fix](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/57893)
    * may want a change coupled with an edition, but still unclear

### crates.io team

not present

### dev tools team (Pascal)

* [clippy is removing its plugin interface][c]

[c]: https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2019/11/04/Clippy-removes-plugin-interface.html

### moderation team

not present

### release team (Mark)

* we have a release tomorrow ([blogpost](https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/444))
* release simultaneously with [async-await is stable][aas] blog post

[aas]: https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/pull/443

### infra team (Pietro)

* perf server -- we are moving to a co-location setup

### Library team (Alex)

* no updates

### security response wg (Pietro)

* no updates

### cli domain wg (Pascal)

* discussing what to do next year

### embedded domain wg

* not present

### wasm domain wg

* no updates

### secure code wg

* not present

### game dev wg

* not present

### Cargo team (nrc)

* no updates

## other topics to raise
