# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

## Teams

### Core team
 - no updates

### Community team

### Governance - Niko

* Had a meeting, goal is to work with teams and codify procedures
* Forge as a place to house these sorts of documented procedures, with links from other places
* Access rights meeting
* "Inside Rust" blog is live!

### Compiler team - Niko

* Had a meeting about Roadmap goals and the biggest problems we face
* Felix likely to join as co-lead

### Lang team - Niko

* Dedicated group around RFC 2753 getting started ("ffi unwind")
* No major updates at the moment

### crates.io team

* No updates

### dev tools team

### moderation team

### release team - Mark

* no updates

### infra team - Pietro

* Pietro is now co-leading the infrastructure team.
* docs.rs breaking changes deployed, not many regressions.
* Private remarks.

### security team - Pietro

* creating a team for responding to security issues, trying to formalize something we did informally before
* we now have a security policy across the org, so when you open a new issue it points you to the right place

### cli domain wg

### embedded domain wg

### async ecosystem wg - Yosh

* Core team shared blog post
* Starting to move over crates
* Need to follow up with areweasyncyet maintainers
* Final meeting

### wasm domain wg

### secure code wg - Tony

* Posted a blog post on cargo audit
    * doubled downloads
    * got interested new contributors

### game dev wg

### Library team

### Cargo team

## other topics to raise

* Rust 2020 blog posts timeline?
    * we should get something underway asap so people have time to write!
