# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

## Teams

### Core team (Niko)

* Planning to get Rust 2019 survey up and going
    * Consider adding questions or other information to [this hackmd][survey]

[survey]: https://hackmd.io/OVry1PKwQE2tk2IWDZlP8w

### Community team

* Looking for a new lead

### Governance (Niko)

* Blog post policies to be merged into [forge](https://forge.rust-lang.org/)
* Encouraging the use of forge for documenting "team policies and procedures"

### Compiler team (Niko)

* Announced LLVM ICE-breakers
    * This involved adding new infrastructure to support "pinging" teams
        * e.g., `@rustbot ping icebreakers-llvm` will ping folks and add a suitable label
    * Members of these teams are not required to be members of Rust org
    * Might be something that other teams wish to use
* Had a meeting last week: 
    * Having trouble maintaining debuginfo. Not sure what to do about it.
* pnkfelix to be confirmed soon as co-lead

### Lang team (Niko)

* ffi-unwind remains a major effort
* considering stabilizing `!`
    * last lingering controversy is whether to change fallback behavior
    * there remains work in the ecosystem to prepare for such a change (most notably by the [objc crate](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/65355#issuecomment-543887594))

### crates.io team

### dev tools team

### moderation team

### release team - Mark

* no major updates

### infra team - Pietro

* Infra documentation on the forge! :tada: 
* docs.rs outage on Sunday night.
* Lots of CI changes coming in the near future.
    * https://gist.github.com/pietroalbini/a148500adae5322a56baa8b26c37952f
* Private remarks.

### security team

### cli domain wg

### embedded domain wg - James

* LLD Linker Script Regression
    * https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/65391
    * exposes the limits of our testing infra around bare-metal embedded
* Aliasing Reference UB - https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/55005
    * Our potential responses (if not fixed upstream): https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/pull/387
	* https://github.com/japaric/volatile-register/issues/10
	* https://github.com/japaric/vcell/issues/10
	* https://github.com/rust-console/voladdress
	* https://github.com/rust-lang/unsafe-code-guidelines/issues/33
* WG-Embedded Label for triage?
    * We get this for free if WG-Embedded switches to teams
    * Other option is `@rustbot ping` CC Niko
        * depends how "open ended" you want the set of pingable folk to be, basically

### async ecosystem wg

### wasm domain wg

### secure code wg - Tony

* pcwalton's "left-pad index": https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/calculating-which-3rd-party-crates-are-good-candidates-for-std-inclusion-via-left-pad-index/11129
* `std` PRs:
    * matches: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/65479
    * once_cell: https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2788

### game dev wg

### Library team

### Cargo team

## other topics to raise
