# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

Meeting notes: https://github.com/rust-lang/core-team/tree/master/minutes/project-leadership-sync

Zoom link: https://mozilla.zoom.us/j/289359817

## Teams

### Core team -- Niko Matsakis

- no meeting last week, no major updates

### Community team 

### Governance -- Niko Matsakis

- triage meeting was quiet
- considering organizing a dedicated meeting around github access rights, affects many teams
  - will post something
  - some folks interested: Josh
- Josh: maybe include reviewer scope in this meeting?
  - i.e., the team is big enough, maybe worth formalizing who the right person is to r?
  - Would like to have documentation of who has expertise in various areas; currently mostly tribal knowledge.
  - Document how to set yourself on vacation and not get review requests
  - Should use existing formats to document reviewers where possible
  - [An issue is already open on this.](https://github.com/rust-lang/infra-team/issues/24)

### Compiler team -- Niko Matsakis

- no meeting last week, rust conf
- stabilized async-await on nightly :tada:

### lang team - Josh Triplett

- Requirements/guidelines for additions to the prelude?
  - Ongoing discussion about adding `HashMap` to the prelude.
  - Want to establish general requirements or guidelines for when and how to add things.
  - Need more strict requirements for traits (due to potential breakage), but adding types shouldn't break anything
  - Who should make the decision, and who should advise?
  - Would like to avoid making this specific item wait on the development of fully general/mechanical requirements

### crates.io team 

* No Updates

### dev tools team

* No Updates

### moderation team

* Not present

### release team - Mark

* no updates

### infra team - Pietro

* Work is being done to address long-standing infra issues.
* Still no progress on 4 core builders.
* Private remarks.

### cli domain wg - Pascal

* No Updates

### embedded domain wg - James

* RustConf!
* Docs.rs Stress
    * Docs are slow to build for embedded crates
        * https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/58849#issuecomment-484278355
    * This causes slow build times, bad story for others
        * https://github.com/rust-lang/docs.rs/issues/335
        * https://github.com/rust-lang/docs.rs/issues/343
    * Yet another issue on the docs.rs infrastructure itself (added by Pietro)
        * [PR to fix slow S3 uploads is up.](https://github.com/rust-lang/docs.rs/pull/393)
    * Credit to Mark Simulacrum for latest work on docs.rs
* Private Remarks

### async ecosystem wg - Yosh

* Moved to bi-weekly meeting schedule.
* Moved off sprints after 2, 6-week sprints
    * meeting is more of a "check-in" point for people to post updates on projects in/around the async space
* First meeting in 3 weeks this week b/c RustConf.
* More effort into documenting ecosystem (:
* Major releases of async-related projects:
    * [Surf HTTP client release](https://github.com/rustasync/surf)
    * [async-rs/async-std release](https://async.rs/blog/announcing-async-std/)
    * [tokio alpha release](https://tokio.rs/blog/2019-08-alphas/)

### wasm domain wg

### secure code wg - Tony

* Published advisory on spin as part of the [Safety Dance](https://github.com/rust-secure-code/safety-dance)
* Help with `Vec::append_from_within()` RFC?
    * https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2714 -- opened in June
    * would give a safe pattern to a problem accounting for >50% of problems found thus far

### game dev wg

### library team

### questions for others

* Question from Niko: there was some discussion about the need to extend cargo/crates.io to incorporate the concept of "vetted crates" in some way, so as to enable people to build more secure code with long lists of dependencies (perhaps similar to cargo-crev). Wanted to highlight here with team leads and suggest people can contact me if that's of interest, though I wouldn't be driving this. =)

* Private remarks from Josh
